We're gonna pop into
search params such as,
One thing is we're not going to do details
like this is an exercise I leave to
you to do after the course is to
go try and do details by yourself.
Hop into search params
above the form here.
So here's his search params
you can just delete that.
We're going to do margin
wise zero MX auto and
then with 11 out of 12.
This IntelliSense is magical it's
great for teaching so what is my?
Top and bottom right and, so instead of
saying nt zero mb zero you can just say my
which means up and down, right?
Top and bottom.
Then as you might guess,
mx left and right and
then auto is just like center it, right?
No margin top and bottom but
center on the x-axis automatically.
Then w 11 out of 12 is I
want this to take up 91% of
the page There are 11 twelfths
of its available space.
As you can imagine,
you can put three out of 12 here or
something like that it'll do 25%.
In our case,
we wanted to take up most of the page but
we want like a nice little
looking gutter on the side.
Okay, and then here on the form,
we're going to add some stuff here.
We're just going to say
padding 10 margin bottom 10.
Rounded, because we want
like nice rounded corners.
This is not, you know, web point 1.0
We're definitely strongly web 2.0.
We're going to do large Select nice
looking rounding roundedness background.
We'll do a gray 200 nice light gray shadow
definitely large we all like shadows.
Flex so you can do display flex this way.
Then we're gonna do flex we're
gonna go into column direction and
we're gonna do a justify center Then
we're going to do items center.
It's like it's gonna be flex in
the direction of north south,
right and then everything's going to
be centered along the center axis.
So item center.
If you're not familiar with Flexbox and
flex.
Jen teaches a class on flex.
Yeah, and Jen is a whiz when she's
the best when it comes to CSS.
Definitely take her class if
you're interested in more that.
All right, so now if we go over here
to one of our details or search.
Page, you can see here,
you got like a nice little shadow here,
we got like a nice looking
kind of form here.
Obviously we still need to work
on the form controls themselves.
But, so far so good that this looks a lot
better than it did right instead of just
being off to the side.
So notice we got rounded corners here.
That's what the rounded out
large did shadow you can see
there's a nice little shadow so looks
like it's off the page a little bit and
then the flex made it go
north south with these
controls here all right
any questions about that.
>> Can you do grid.
>> We're gonna do grid in a bit,
it's really cool Undeniably
like whether not you like what we're doing
right now this is fast right it's really
fast to knock this out, particularly
the more familiar you get with it.
That is to me the biggest
value prop of Tollens.
I've never been able to code so
fast with CSS.
That's compelling.